hey guys this is so Hankey I'm the West
with Mahalo games and we're here to show
you how to get the collector achievement
in call of duty black ops zombies so we
chose the map 5 for this achievement
just because we thought that it was the
most well laid out in terms of knowing
exactly where the weapons are so
starting off here you're gonna want to
play just like you would normally make
sure you get the m14 off the wall and
also the Olympia before you leave that
first room around round 5 or 6 you're
gonna want to head out into the hallway
where the elevator is and through the
metal detector to the left you're gonna
find the NPL which you're gonna want to
switch out with your olympia and you're
gonna go in the elevator and head down
to the second movement once you have the
second level you're going to want to
have enough money to get all the way
down to the third level and use the
power button once you're there though
you're not going to want to start buying
stuff off the wall like crazy you're
gonna want to actually use the random
box one or two times to get a good
weapon that you can survive - I don't
know about around ten eleven twelve
somewhere in there so you're gonna have
enough money to do all of the weapons
off the wall in one fell swoop agreed so
basically what you want to do is after
you use the random box you're gonna want
to use our panic room strategy that
helps you rack up points really quick
and get through the rounds as quick as
possible
around ten or eleven is West said when
you have a lot of money you can kind of
go around and leave one crawler up and
just kind of go around in one fell swoop
and pick up all the weapons so I'm just
gonna give you a quick rundown of where
they are so on the first level where you
start out as I said you have the m14 and
then across from that utopia Olympia and
then through that door to the left of
the devil or through the metal detector
rather you have the MPL and then on the
second level on the second level you
have the pm-63 which when you come out
of the elevator that would be to your
left and the MPX 5k which would be to
your right then you have the stakeout
which is near the elevator that leads
down to level three and then on level
three on the walls actually right across
from the elevator if you run right down
the hallway you're gonna find the m16
and then on one of the left walls you
find the aks-74u
in the room that has the little squirmy
pig that's decaying you find the
Claymore there's a room with these
targets on the wall you'll know what I'm
talking about when you see it you find
the bowie knife and then in the room
where there's that guy decaying on the
operating table you will find the frag
grenades and then boom
there's your achievement the collector
so I hope you guys enjoyed yeah and make
sure to comment rate and subscribe
thanks
damn